to prove that an institution is worthy of lending you money.
But if this credit card has
no credit score, it
will be difficult to help you.
So the credit score system
is a double-edged sword. It
depends on how you use it.
Good debt and bad debt
have been discussed in detail in this episode of Borrowing Money for a Lifetime.
If you need to, go watch this episode to review it.
Seeing this all proves that you are very concerned about your
money.
But if you feel that the investment world
seems to be a maze full of fog, you will have to
read many, many books
before you find ten or eight books that are useful. It seems that you are out for
food, and you are destined to
lose a lot of money before you learn anything. If it
makes your scalp numb,
don’t worry.
In order to help everyone get out of this investment maze,
we have just carefully prepared
a series of new learning routes that are easy to learn and easy to understand.
If you want to be on the road to investment and financial management.
Go longer and further. Go
to the link in the description column
or scan this QR code. It's the